With all the core basics out of the way let's dive into building more complex components or one more
complex component in this module we'll build a modal component.
So like a did this pop up this overlay inside of a page with a nice backdrop behind it where we can
pass our own content into it and which we can all configure.
For example where we can control from outside where it's shown or not.
We'll also learn how we can dispatch our own events from inside our web component so that we can react
to these custom events outside of it and we'll see a lot of the features you already learn about in
the last modules in action too.
So a great practice as well as many exciting new features.
Let's dive in.